who says you need money to get traffic
to your website hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm going to break down
the most effective ways to market your
business with no budget
we get started make sure you subscribe
to this channel and if you're on youtube
click the alert notification
i'm going to break down some of the
easiest ways to get traffic when you
have no money
the first strategy seo
what i want you to do is just start off
by writing content and sharing it on the
social web if you don't know what
content to write what i want you to do
is go to ubersuggest type in any
keywords related to your industry click
on the content ideas report in the
left-hand navigation and i'll show you
all the articles that are popular based
on social shares and it'll show you
based on backlinks once you write your
content because this is you know you're
basing on other popular piece of content
that'll give you idea
and then what i want you to do once
yours is out hit up all the people that
share the other articles or link to it
uber says provides a lot of this data
reach out to them and ask them to share
your content for example if my
competitor has an article let's say moz
and beginner's guide to seo i'll take
that url put into search.twitter or
twitter search bar it'll show me all the
people that have shared it i'll hit them
all up ask them to share my content
second strategy google my business it's
one of the easiest ways for local
businesses to get more traffic and
higher rankings so make sure you submit
yourself to google my business
another strategy that i love is pr and
you're probably wondering hey neil i
don't have the budgets to go hire a big
pr firm how do i get all this free pr
well the way you get this free pr is a
site called haro help a reporter out
what haro does is it's a community of
reporters that are saying hey i have
questions around all these topics is
there anyone who can help me answer them
and if you answer them what it'll do is
they'll be like oh thank you and they'll
include you in the article and that gets
you publicity which can get you traffic
and sales another strategy i love is
public speaking even though it doesn't
drive that many sales you're building a
relationship with other people and if
i'm giving a speech in front of the
audience those people are super
qualified when i tell them about my
website they go to it and it can
generate some sales and the conversion
rate tends to be higher
even if it's a select small group it's
still worth doing it because you're
building a better emotional connection
with those people
another strategy that i love is guest
posting and cold outreach
what i mean by this is if you can go and
guest posts on popular sites that have
your audience already you can generate
sales for example in the marketing space
there's blogs like moz there's blogs
like search engine journal search engine
land they all take guest posting so if i
reach out to them and i try to get
guests posted on their site and do
outreach i can generate more brand
awareness and leads from that as well
and when you're doing guest posting
don't do it for links to try to boost
your search engine reiki do it for the
referral traffic
go after the right exact audience
another strategy that i love is facebook
groups there's so many groups there's
groups on literally everything so i want
you to participate if you're selling
you know pet related products go to the
pet related groups participate answer
people's questions if the dogs are
overweight or underweight or what they
can do to make their dogs happier and
then whenever you have a product or
service that's related then you can
mention it but make sure you're
participating first and giving more than
asking
next i want you to leverage email
marketing there's a saying that goes in
the marketing industry the money's in
the list it's your digital atm machine
so collect emails educate 80 of the time
when you're sending out emails and
promote and sell your products 10 to 20
of the time i usually like following the
80 20 rule where i educate 80
sell 20
i myself probably educate 90 95
sell no more than five to ten percent
and when you're collecting emails you
can do this by coupons discounts let's
say if your e-commerce or if your
service space maybe webinars or guides
the possibilities are endless you can
use tools like hello bar to do that
another strategy video marketing anytime
you create video upload it to youtube
instagram tv instagram reels facebook
linkedin
tick tock
twitter the possibilities are endless
because you already have followers and
friends on all these social sites
uploading content video content just
does well
another strategy is going live if you go
live on all these social platforms tai
lopez used to do this a lot
these social networks are competing with
live television so if you go live what
you'll find is people
these social networks are like hey we
want people to be on our platforms
instead of tuning in to cnn or cnbc or
abc so what we want to do is just spread
it even if they don't have tons of
followers so make sure you go live and
when you go live tell people about your
website
then you have influencers you can use
tools like influence.co and find
influencers to create affiliate deals
with and you can work out deals with
them saying hey if you promote my
product and drive sales i'll pay you if
not i don't pay you anything
then you have infographics if you go
back to the content ideas report within
uber says so you go to ubersys.com and
then put in a keyword related to your
industry you go to the content ideas
report on the left-hand navigation
you'll see a list of all the popular
articles within your industry you can
then go create infographics based on
some of those topics and you can use
tools like canva to help you create
those for free and then reach out to all
the people that link to that article
which shows you in the uh content ideas
report right there's a little drop down
that shows backlinks so you go hit up
all those sites and ask them to link to
your infographic because if they already
linked to the original article why
wouldn't they link to the infographic as
well
another strategy that i love using is
applying for business awards it doesn't
give you
as many visitors as you like but it
gives you that credibility which it
helps improve your conversion rate and
it does improve word of mouth marketing
as well
and then i recommend partnerships with
other brands look if
you're selling let's say toasters and
someone else is selling
microwaves people who want to buy
toasters may be interested in buying
microwaves maybe you can sell their
products they can sell your products you
can do affiliate deals maybe you can do
collaborations where you do like cyber
monday or black friday promotions
together it's all great ways to increase
your sales
now if you need help with your marketing
more ideas check out my ad agency np
digital where we help companies succeed
online if you have any questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it subscribe to the
channel thank you for your time